hey what is going on youtube today I'm
going to show you how to burst as an
unholy DK in where 6.1 so I want my pets
over there going absolutely nuts will
just cover exactly what we're trying to
do the first thing is to get your arm 5
stack of your dark transformation for
your pet and that is because most unholy
decays will be rocking the 4-piece set
bonus so the set motors there is when
you say dark transformation the shadow
damage is increased by twenty percent so
shadow damage comes from your scourge
strike your death cause be much like
half your abilities if not more so it's
pretty much another trinket as well as
if you have when you put death cause
into your enemy trying to build up to 5
stack of dark transformation you also do
any up blood taps and then when you pop
breath and all that together and keep
you kick up longer widgets laptops with
the infantry weapon with your vague
leads taking off your dots I'm sorry
okay pretty crazy not one of the easiest
versed in the game but there's a pretty
fun one so I think all their cooldowns
are ready to go if you reset these days
I get ready going first thing you should
always this as a DK put your doctor and
it go then go for why stack
all that pit and now have their that way
the roads come around send the box okay
we now have 12 stack of out blood type
as well so is a roof while the dots to
pop it off wait for learns now get full
stack of repair Nia have
reblogged off one more time and now we
reach the burst so I have my trinket and
my pet in the one button there as well
as gaga's or pop that stun Big C I okay
if I keep that up with your rooms use
blood taps talk some more in there take
your own to put them back on it's more
hits in power room with them keep that
the whole time spamming damage here and
there is your birth we did have no flash
back to go so I could have kept it up
longer as you can see there's a lot of
damage very shortly our time he's a
pretty complicated birth like I said and
I didn't execute it perfectly executed
perfectly story but get the idea that is
how you good as a unholy DK hit further
improvement you really want to get good
and spooky rating as it unholy DK you
can you know wait for trinket box as
well I didn't even have hormones are
actually i just logged on to make this
video about to get the point to
thousands you can do and i believe Dargo
did not come up either be the way I've
got one of your microscope it should
have done that that's how yeah there's a
video guys thanks for watching be sure
to stay with unholy DK because there's
not many other winery in right now so if
you're really good at it you know no
props to you just like handled before
I'm rage but anyway hi we'll see you
guys next time
you